{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 LANDING PAGE\ulnone \
\

\f1\b Crossing Tones 
\f0\b0 acts as an intermediary custodian for significant collections of Jazz music and related items. \
\
Power Hour\
The Crossing Tones \'93Power Hour\'94 is a biweekly broadcast of rare and unheard music taken from collections currently in our care. Each Power Hour is livestreamed exclusively and will not be archived, so tuning in via Zoom is the only way to experience these sounds. \
\
Join us every other Thursday from 8-9 p.m.\
\
Listen!\
https://wpi.zoom.us/j/97495476280\
\
Schedule\
\
May 6, 2021 \'96 New Music Remembers the Old Master Duke Ellington \'96 Town Hall, July 6, 1980 [Liz, we have an image for this page]\
May 20, 2021 \'96 Pharaoh Sanders with the Collective Black Artists Ensemble \'96 Town Hall, January 26, 1978\
June 3, 2021\'96 Mal Waldron and Charlie Rouse \'96 Soundscape and unreleased studio session, early 1980s \
June 17, 2021 \'96 TBD\
July 1, 2021 \'96 TBD\
July 15, 2021 \'96 TBD\
July 29, 2021 \'96 TBD\
August 12, 2021 \'96 TBD\
\
\ul COLLECTIONS\ulnone \
\
Kazunori Sugiyama (b. 1950)\

\f2\i Producer, recordist. Active in New York City 1977 through 2020.
\f0\i0 \
\
Kazunori Sugiyama\'92s lasting work documenting the New York avant-garde has manifested in two episodes. The earliest part of his coverage generated concert photography and location recordings capturing the end of the 1970s loft-era. Against the backdrop of the 1970s do-it-yourself ethos, Sugiyama\'92s recordings stand out for their attention to detail and ambitious perfectionism.\
\
Sugiyama\'92s subsequent contributions as a recordist and producer established him as a powerful force in producing New York talent for the label and shaping its identity. Through his work for independent labels as well as his own Bellows imprint, Sugiyama came to the attention of DIW in 1984 during a period of ascendancy for the label and later to the Japanese Toshiba/EMI interest Somethin\'92 Else in 1989. Throughout this period, he also developed and maintained a close working relationship with saxophonist John Zorn, finding himself essential to the launch and continuity of the Avant and Tzadik labels. \
\
To date, Kazunori Sugiyama has been involved in the production of nearly a thousand released record. With his return to Japan in 2020, Sugiyama has trusted the archives of his meticulous music documentation to Crossing Tones. \
\
IMG_3750.jpeg [caption: Audiocassette location recordings]\
IMG_3694.jpeg [caption: Label from an unissued Billy Bang live recording]\
img20210607_14101964_r.jpeg [caption: Flyer for The Big Moon Ensemble, St Mark\'92s Church In-the-Bowery, May 4, 1979]\
CrT_KS_PH_Binder01_Slide_Sheet07_05.jpeg [caption: John Tchicai and Milford Graves, Soundscape]\
CrT_KS_PH_Binder01_Slide_Sheet11_15.jpeg [caption: Julius Hemphill leads a big band]\
CrT_KS_PH_Box01_Slide_Sheet13_09.jpeg [caption: Anthony Braxton performs as part of a Lester Bowie big band project]\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 CONTACT\
\ulnone \
crossingtones@gmail.com\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 MAILCHIMP\
\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 email: crossingtones@gmail.com\
user: crossing_tones\
pw: Sug1y@m@\
\
\ul INSTAGRAM\
\ulnone \
@CrossingTones\
sug1y@m@\
\
\
}